welcome back sethbling here and today's
commandblock creation I think you'll all
recognize it is of course snake in
Minecraft so just let it idle while I
talk for a second you can see as I'm
crashing my snake into the wall she's
starting a new game randomly placing a
new Apple now in order to play basically
you hold shift and then you use the
black stained glass that's in your
inventory and that'll actually
shift-click it into the chest but but
otherwise is you just I mean it's really
intuitive you just put you just use it
as a directional pad and if you run into
a wall you have to start all over and it
just randomly creates the apples that
you're eating are the apples I think
they're apples your snake gets longer
every time you eat one until basically
it's unsustainable and you just have you
basically die because you can't avoid
running into your own tail and it does
work of course let me just run into my
own tail for demonstrations sake not
that I would ever do that you know if I
was just playing on my own if you're if
you're say okay let's great but if
you're say going left and you click
right here then it'll of course crash
into you'll crash into yourself and have
to restart so very intuitive very simple
interface you'll notice this chest is
like kind of weird right obviously
usually you don't get this many slots in
a chest this is a trick some of you may
seen before basically it's actually
three chests next to each other by the
way if I close it and this it'll
basically pause the game so I can I can
resume it later which is also kind of
cool I think and so there's actually
three chests you can see that line of
the third chest here and so if you click
on this chest you'll get like the bottom
2/3 if you click on this chest died you
get the top you get the top 2/3 okay
notice notice where that my snake is
here's the top 2/3 here's the bottom 2/3
but if you click in the middle it'll get
all all the the whole viewing area this
works basically with a lot of armor
stands and a lot of command block magic
that I'm not really gonna go into but
but it is downloadable and if you want
to try playing it for yourself it's a I
think a pretty functional ver
snake in Minecraft and I think it looks
pretty good so there's a download link
in the description otherwise that's
about it thanks for watching